The mini MVCs sample projects.
The sample code for learning more about mini MVCs is included in the package for the framework itself.
It's available freely on Git for download and unity.
To import those samples, open the package manager, select the mini MVCs package and you'll see the
samples shown which you can import.
You can see that in the screenshot here.
When you bring in the mini MVCs package itself that populates the source in your packages folder.
That is everything you need to get started.
The samples we're discussing here are optional and a great way to learn more about the framework.
If your needs are also similar to one of the sample projects, you can use the sample project to get
started copying or modifying whatever's there.
In this course, we'll take a look at several samples.
Each of them shows the exact same end result With and without the mini MVCs, I find this especially
helpful.
Begin with the version that does not feature many MVCs.
You can see the full functionality of solving the use case without any framework.
Once you're familiar there, open up the version with many MVCs and you can see how those same use cases
are solved using the framework.
Feel free to bounce back and forth between those two examples so you have a thorough understanding.
In this course we'll look at several samples.
Here's a high level overview of each.
The clock sample is a great place to get started.
It's the most simple of the samples.
It features no mono behaviors, and the only view, so to speak, is debug logging out to the console
window.
There's no input here, it just ticks like a clock and the audience is designed for beginners.
Next we have a user login sample.
While still quite simple, this example does use a mono behavior, one of them for the view.
It uses unity's UI and captures user input in the form of button clicks while we're mimicking the login.
It's an offline only project, so the service layer loads a local file.
This helps keep things easy to understand and requires no internet to use.
The audience here is for beginners.
Next is a Rollerball sample inspired by one of Unity's built in learn projects.
We're able to use the four arrow keys, roll a ball with physics around a tabletop and collect yellow
rotating pickups.
This is the most complex of our examples will show, and it captures all the features of a simple but
complete three D game, including audio input, UI and physics.
To illustrate the scalability of many MVCs.
This project includes multiple views and multiple controllers.
While still relatively simple, this project is appropriate for intermediate developers when deciding
how best to teach architecture.
The value of coding and getting your hands dirty in some samples became evident, wanting to express
a variety of teaching principles throughout the concepts here.
I broke it up into several projects.
We have one project that uses no money behaviors and has no view that represents the most simple sample
all the way up to something with three d physics input, audio and more.
Now, while all the samples are relatively simple to the complexity you'd have in a triple A unity game,
it's an appropriate playground to learn the concepts of MVC and see how they scale up for your needs.
In this section we talked about the Mini and VC's sample projects.
We went over the installation, what features each of them have and some of the learning principles
behind it.
Next, we'll dig even deeper by looking at the specific samples.
We'll see how to take all the theory that we've gone over in the course so far from design principles,
design patterns, philosophies and bring it all into functional code.
I'll screen, share and do a review of each sample, and within each of them I'll do a short coding
assignment live and encourage you to follow up with some other assignments that will be given.
These assignments are optional, but it's a fantastic way for you to get your hands dirty and understand
these principles.
I highly encourage you to follow up on these assignments as it's the best way to learn.
Thanks.